                         readme-lms.txt 

USER INSTRUCTIONS FOR LMS.CLS

1. This file distribution contains the following files:
     readme-lms.txt  (this file)
     lms.cls         (the LMS class file)
     lms2eau.tex     (a sample file for preparing your manuscript)
     lms2eau1.ps     (the guide 'Using the LMS class file')
     lms2eau1.pdf    (the guide 'Using the LMS class file')

The .ps file (or equivalently the .pdf file) serves both as a 
concise guide to the LMS document class and as a style sample of
the finished output. The .tex file contains the corresponding
LaTeX2e source code and may be used both as a reference and as a
template from which to build a new paper. 

To view the .ps file, you need a postscript viewer such as
ghostscript, available free from http://www.ghostscript.com

To view the .pdf file, you need a PDF viewer such as Adobe Acrobat
Reader, available free from 
http://www.adobe.com/products/acrobat/readstep.html

2. Place the file lms.cls somewhere where LaTeX can read it (for 
example, the folder or directory where the files of your article 
reside). 

3. For a permanent installation, copy the file lms.cls to a
folder or directory in the TeXinput path. On UNIX and NT systems, 
authors may not have sufficient rights to do this; in this case, 
please consult your systems administrator.

4. If you wish to use the file lms2eau.tex as a template, save a
copy under a different name and use that copy as a starting point
for building your article.

5. Assumptions about your LaTeX installation: It is assumed that
you have a post-1994 version of LaTeX (sometimes called LaTeX2e),
together with all the packages in the "required" part of that
installation.

6. BUG REPORTING: If you discover a bug in this software, please 
report it to the Publishing Editor at production@lms.ac.uk, 
providing
  (a) as complete a description of the problem as you can give;
  (b) a sample file (as short as possible) that demonstrates the 
      problem;
  (c) a copy of the .log file from a LaTeX run where the problem
      occurred.
We also welcome suggestions for how these instructions can be 
improved.  